feat(compat) : add `toSafeInteger` (#691)
toss/es-toolkit: docs/reference/compat/util/toSafeInteger.md

# toSafeInteger

::: info
This function is only available in `es-toolkit/compat` for compatibility reasons. It either has alternative native JavaScript APIs or isn’t fully optimized yet.

When imported from `es-toolkit/compat`, it behaves exactly like lodash and provides the same functionalities, as detailed [here](../../../compatibility.md).
:::

> This function first converts `value` to a safe integer. If the value is infinite, it is converted to the maximum or minimum safe integer. Any decimal points are removed by truncating the value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Converts `value` to a safe integer. 

A safe integer is an integer that can be exactly represented as a double precision number, and no other integer rounds to it under any IEEE-754 rounding mode. 

If the value is infinite, it is converted to the maximum or minimum safe integer. Any decimal points are removed by truncating the value.
```
